Built-in Nougat support (#2778)
Pryaxis/TShock: docs/changelog.md

* Add ability for items given to players to be inserted directly into their inventory instead of spawned as an item drop (@pontaoski)
* Added support of `-lang` and `-language` flags for our i18n system. (@KawaiiYuyu)

> * Add built-in package management capabilities for plugins

Reviewer: Can you move this to the new upcoming changes section?
```suggestion
* Added built-in package management capabilities for plugins. (@pontaoski)
```
